Today I set myself up to do a challenge that no one has ever beaten. Minecraft has been out for 9 years now. It's about time someone were to beat the game while being under the influence of dementia. Is it even possible? Can it be done? Today I set myself up to beat a challenge that no one has ever beaten. Minecraft has been out for 9 years now. Can I beat the game with dementia? I started by loading in and chopping down my first tree. It was oak wood, nothing too special. I then went and chopped down my first tree. It was oak wood, so nothing too special. It was at this moment I realized something. Can you beat Minecraft with dementia? Is it even possible? Today I set myself up to do a challenge that no one has ever beaten. Minecraft has been out for 6 years now. Can I beat the game with dementia? I knew it was going to be a hard challenge, but I needed to do it. I started by chopping down a nearby tree. It was oak wood, so nothing special. Oh look, a village! I wonder if it has a blacksmith. I decided I was going to need some wood for my journey. I started chopping down my first tree. It was oak wood, so nothing too special. Once I got it, I started to head to the village to show the villagers my wood. I knew that the Fletcher has a trade where you could give it 32 sticks in exchange for an emerald. For some reason, I had more wood than I originally mined, but it all worked out in the end. And if you guys are going to say that I'm cheating to get the wood, I am not. I don't cheat in video games. It's dumb. You see, it's about time for someone to beat the game while under the influence of dementia. Can it be done? Is it even possible? Today I set myself up for a challenge that no one in Minecraft has ever beaten. Minecraft has been out for 12 years now. Can I beat the game with dementia? If I was going to head to that village, I would first need some wood. So, I started chopping down my first tree. It was oak wood, so nothing too special. You see, the Fletcher has a trade where you could give it 32 sticks in exchange for an emerald. Knowing this information, I spotted some sheep and decided to kill them. Once in the village, I looked around for a Fletcher. I eventually found one and decided I have to make a wood trade for an emerald. You see, the Fletcher has a trade where you could give it 32 sticks in exchange for an emerald. Knowing this, I would be able to get a lot of emeralds fast. But there's one slight issue. Minecraft has been out for 11 years now. It's about time someone were to beat the game under the influence of dementia. Is it even possible? Can it be done? Today I set myself up with a challenge to do that no one has ever beaten. Can I beat the game with dementia? After getting this far, my head started to hurt. So, I started to grab wood for the journey to the village. After 2 hours of playing, I've made it pretty far. I had a lot of wood somehow. I seriously still don't know how I had all that wood. But since my hard drive doesn't have much storage, I figured I'd just make this part one just so I could get this video out there. Stick around for part two coming out tomorrow. You see, tomorrow I'm going to set myself to do a challenge that no one has ever done. I'm going to be beating Minecraft with dementia. Is it even possible? Can it be done? Well, tune in tomorrow to see what happens. I'll see you all tomorrow. Tune in tomorrow to see what happens. 

# Copyright


© [2025] [Jiaming Meng]. All rights reserved.

This project, including all its code, documentation, and associated files, is the intellectual property of [Jiaming Meng]. No permission is granted to use, copy, modify, or distribute this work for any purpose without explicit written consent from the copyright holder.

For inquiries regarding the use of this project, please contact [reachout@exoad.net].
